Champion:
---------
Born of steel, tactical prowess, and unadulterated might; the Champion revels in their
skill with a blade. The steely Gallants of Khosh'Dâram are held in high regard
by citizens of the Imperium and are seen as protectors of the Host's Design.
Champions predominantly speak with authority, doing so with the assistance of a greatsword
or ancestral polearm. Those drawn to Champion-hood are usually born of strong body
and determined mind. Champions have historically not been drawn to the Arkane.



Troubadour:
-----------
A lie is only a lie to someone with little imagination. Troubadours are born poets,
sham-artists, performers, scoundrels, and love-makers. They enjoy getting into trouble,
and enjoy getting out of it just as much. Often armed with only a fib and their wit,
(and in some cases, a silver Roscoe if things get heated), they revel in the pleasures
of secrets, art, and the musings of their fellow man. Troubadours are tricksters at 
heart. They often feel called to the limelight after a lifetime of sailing or manual labor. 



Chaplain:
---------
"Gentility of Velae, Sight of Eejmun, and Strength of Laeo guide thee". The Chaplain 
is as close to the Divine as any mortal can be. Spending their days pouring over
religious texts, meditating on the diverging Secthood of the Ascendency, or connecting
with their community through rituals, rites, & medicines; the Chaplain is right at home 
doing their work for the greater good, spoken to them from the spiritual or the holy, of course.
Most Chaplains have dedicated their entire lives to their practice. It is rare that a 
Chaplain find themselves in such a position later in life. 



Magician:
---------
During the Seventh Week of the season Harrenhall, the Adversaries move into their 
Polaris Minima form. Pluridimensional geometric equilibrium is being approached!
Magicians excel at using runic calculus to bend and manipulate the Stretch to produce
beautiful and deadly magick! Storied away in arkane libraries, locking themselves in
Khosh'Dâram's highest towers, and studying under the tutelage of wizards much older than they,
a talented Magician feels right at home with the Aether energies of Themé...which often leads
them to become a bit too eager in playing with forces beyond their total control... 



Deluviite:
----------
"Heretic!", "Heathen...", "Filthy Pagan".
Some whisper these things in fear as they clutch their bags and their children to their side.
Some, emboldened by pride and disgust, shout it from across a busy road. Be it quiet or loud,
those doing the shouting are always aiming it at the Reviled Ones, the Deluviites. In the lonely
places of the world, outside the sight of Eejmun and the Wall of Laeo, a Deluviite is born.
Contact is made with...something else, a contract is signed, and power is delivered.
Sometimes that power is great and terrible, quaking the ground with its might.
Other times, that power is invisible, like a whisper sharing secrets that most cannot comprehend... 



Shadow:
-------
If there is one thing you've learned from all your years doing what you do, its that people,
in all their supposed complexity, are suckers.
A skilled Shadow takes from the rich...and gives it to the poor...
...in order to gain a social advantage that would lead them to an even bigger score.
A Shadow doesn't care who their mark is; as long as they have something the Shadow needs, the
getting is fair game. Hiding in musty dockside bars or working for a local thieves guild, a 
Shadow always gets while the getting is good...and with so many rich fools walking about,
the getting is always good...



*-----------------------------------------------------------------------------*