Regalo di Volci:
----------------
Hail, hail to the Imperium Aeternus! Regalo di Volci is the cradle of the Modern World.
Founded roughly 4,000 years ago by outcasts from Old Illyria, the "Province of Tradition" began
as nothing more than an acre of abandoned prisoners, a Yox herd, and wildlife as far as any
traveller could see. Those settlers, left to die in a forgotten land, would go on to 
found what would become the greatest power on Themé and build Foundation, the greatest
city of this, (or any), Age.



Cala'corva:
-----------
Many who survive the trek from the Valenwøde of Uud & Iagomál dare not stray
too far South on their journey toward Foundation, for if they do, they risk death by sand-bolt, 
Whitefyre, or the mortal heat of the Red Waste. Few to none live on the brick-colored
dunes of Cala'corva, and those who do are usually those you would do best to avoid.
Deep in the heart of the Waste is the Bloodwøde, a forest of sanguine-silver trees 
whose veins run alabaster with a precious metal called Leve. A place so deadly would
be a perfect home for a prison... 


Uud:
----
The Province of Uud is characterized by a chain of cragged peaks and barren mountains
to the West and the August Vale to its East. Of all of the Imperium's border states,
Uud has been the subject of the most violence. After the Ewe-Hyptos Covenant was signed 
in -210 S.E. forbidding Imperial citizens from entering the Bosco, Uud has seen two civil wars,
multiple incursions from the denizens of the Valenwøde, a flood, innumerable political 
assassinations and a meteor impact. Uud, to say the least, has always earned the concern
of the Imperium's governing body and admonishment by her fellow Imperial citizens.  



Iagomál:
--------
Khosh'Dâram's largest Wøde sprawls over the border of two Provinces; Iagomál & Uud. Where Uud lacks
in subtly, Iagomál makes up for it twofold. Its secret name is "Doma Veridii Eclipsus", or 
"House of the Woodland Moon".  Iagomál has a dark history of obscurity, suppression, and betrayal;
all of which happen in the eerily quiet umbra of the Bosco to the North. The few cities that do dot
the vineyards and hills of the Province are socially insulated, the culture of which is hard to break
into and even harder to break out of. Those born in Iagomál carry Iagomál with them for the rest of their lives...every whisper, every shadow...


Agrí:
-----
Agrí is the Imperium's "laziest" Province; long rolling hills stretch over singing fields
of golden wheat, grape fields, and coal mines give Agrí, (at least from an outsider's perspective),
the feeling that farm-life is the good life. Although from an uneducated eye, Agrí might seem
"simple", it is far from it. On her cape, (called Fate's Hook), stands the Jewel of the Imperium, Qestus.
A metropolis founded on the premise of a good deal and a rare trade. Agrí is a Province of
agriculture, opportunity, and adventure!



The Islands of Azadini:
-----------------------

* INFORMATION REDACTED BY THE ORDER OF EMERITUS MAERWALD OF THE AENIGMATA MYSTERIUM *


*-----------------------------------------------------------------------------*