In the Beginning...
There was...
the Unity.

A cross-roads of all things that were, are, and will ever be.
Its Totality became Light like a dream...
...and drawn to that dream, they came.

Crossing the Fog of Worlds, the Empyreans arrived from the Beyond.
Celestial creatures that bore no form but were made of Eternity itself.

Ancient peoples called them the Shakal, but modern Astramancers and Magicians cannot
agree on an accurate translation, so most just call them "the Elves".

On the Shores of the Unity, the Empyreans built World-Engines designed to breathe
creation into existence, and with their Great Machines they forged the Heavenly Bodies.

...but, the Celestials weren't the only to hear the Unity's call.

It is said that the Ancient Dragons came from the Deep.
An endless ocean of raging torrents, fearsome lightning, and an infinite Maelstrom of pure Darkness.

Some believe the Deep was once a fertile land of peace; but the Dragons in their greed
perverted the ground itself, and thusly were cursed to eternally fly across its waters.
...that is, until they heard the Unity's brilliant echo...

Flying over the fathomless waters they found it...the Unity. and with it, the Elves;
and there, on the edge of everything, they warred. 

The blood of the Elves dripped down into the hot miasma of creation below and became Time.
The scales of the Dragons were wrought from their flesh and became the Firmamentum, 
the bedrock of the Primaterial Plane.

...or at least that is what some of the Autarch's Ascendency believe the 
Great Chyridion to say... but with a book as old and dense as that one
it becomes hard to pin down which verses are apocryphal and which ones aren't. What chapters
contain grim, foreboding prophecies, and which are poetic musings of an age long past...

The disquieting ramblings from the Old Woman in the dilapidated shack haunt your memories... 
How did you find yourself there last night? And why couldn't you find your way back this morning?
"Hi thee hence to the Precipice and awaken the Ash Giant...", you can still hear her words...
Was it all just a dream?

Either way...you hear someone approaching... 

*-----------------------------------------------------------------------------*


