The Mannai:
-----------

The Mannai have been on Khosh’Dâram since the times of the Crucible Age, 
though their population wasn’t always as numerous as it is now.
In their early history, the Mannai consisted of 12 Ancient Tribes in the pre-Imperial desert.
Mannai, or more commonly referred to as 'humans', are capable of
great violence and greed, both of which are balanced out by their
incredible propensity for innovation, compassion, and the fine arts.
Some of the greatest Architects & Triacht in Foundation are Mannai.


The Eefi:
---------

Before the Epoch of Sand, where there were Mannai, there were Eefi.
These lithe, sharp-eared people lived in the Acacia fields of Southwest
Khosh'Dâram. On account of their proximity to the trees there, they grew to have
A spiritual connection with the substance that ran through the veins of the trees; Leve.
Eefi are extremely pragmatic with a borderline-extreme curiosity for Astramancy and other
ritualistic magick practices. 


The Urkíl:
----------

While once the most prominent people of Khosh'Dâram, years of exploitation and tribal 
bloodshed has reduced the indigenous Urkíl to a handful of separated clans, all
of whom reside in either the August Vale or the Bloodwøde. 
Urkíl clans are separated into three distinct moieties and have a 
very strict social structure. 
They are highly skilled craftsmen, and are matched in their skill 
only by a deep resentment for the other two indigenous tribes of the land. 
The Urkíl have an inseparable connection with the Wøde from which they come.  
 

The Morceaux:
-------------

It is said that the Morceaux were the first to crawl from the hot, gestating mud of Themé.
These Primordial beings are rarely seen on Khosh'Dâram, but are referred to by their colloquial
name of "dwarves" in many Caelist texts. These squat people are genderless and are made up 
of a number of different elements, although all consist of some kind of rock-like material.
Some speculate that their hearts are made of a sliver from pure primeval substance;
the unsullied water, fire, breath, and earth from the Cradle of Creation itself, the Great Rune.


The Sheol:
----------

At the edge of a camping roll, travelers often try and scare each other on cold, lonely
nights with images of horned-people; men and women whose very souls were tainted by the
foul touch of evil-incarnate... 
Their frightening tales were just fearful reaccountings of the Sheol. 
By circumstance, (often not one of choice), parents 
found themselves on the day of their infant's birth, cursed by a wicked omen, 
a horned child with skin of purple, black, or red.
Some with eyes of gold, others with eyes as black as ravens. 
These misbegotten souls are often condemned by the land-working 
Common folk, and totally avoided by most others.

*-----------------------------------------------------------------------------*